Grammar changed (#30205)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/regular-expressions/match-numbers-and-letters-of-the-alphabet.english.md

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

> Create a single regex that matches a range of letters from <code>h</code> and through <code>s</code>, and a range of numbers from <code>2</code> and through <code>6</code>. Remember to include the appropriate flags in the regex.

Reviewer: I see where you are going, but the typical way between is typically handled would be to write:
```suggestion
Create a single regex that matches a range of letters between <code>h</code> and <code>s</code> (inclusive), and a range of numbers between <code>2</code> and <code>6</code> (inclusive). Remember to include the appropriate flags in the regex.
```
This makes it clear that the characters `h`, `s`, `2`, and `6` are to be included.
